radius mismatch on atom 1GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 2VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 3SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 4GLN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 5ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 6BLEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 7PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 8ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 9GLN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 10PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 11ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 12LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 13PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 14ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 15GLN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 16TYR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 17SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 18ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 19ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 20ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 21TYR: using `atomlist` value
charge mismatch on atom 22CYS: ignoring `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 22CYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 23GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 24SLYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 25ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 26ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 27ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 28ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 29BPRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 30BALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 31GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 32THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 33ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 34ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 35THR: using `atomlist` value
charge mismatch on atom 36CYS: ignoring `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 36CYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 37THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 38GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 39ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 40ALA: using `atomlist` value
charge mismatch on atom 41CYS: ignoring `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 41CYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 42BPRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 43GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 44VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 45GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 46SLYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 47ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 48ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 49ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 50THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 51PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 52BLEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 53TYR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 54SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 55PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 56GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 57ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 58SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 59GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 60BVAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 61GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 62ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 63VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 64THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 65GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 66PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 67LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 68ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 69LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 70ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 71ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 72THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 73ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 74SLYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 75LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 76ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 77VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 78LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 79SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 80PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 81ARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 82GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 83SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 84SARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 85SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 86ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 87GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 88ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 89BTRP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 90ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 91GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 92ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 93LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 94ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 95BPHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 96ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 97BLEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 98SLYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 99GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 100ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 101ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 102ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 103ILE: using `atomlist` value
charge mismatch on atom 104CYS: ignoring `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 104CYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 105SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 106GLY: using `atomlist` value
charge mismatch on atom 107CYS: ignoring `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 107CYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 108SARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 109GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 110HIS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 111ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 112GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 113PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 114THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 115SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 116SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 117TRP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 118SARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 119SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 120VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 121ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 122ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 123THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 124LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 125SARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 126GLN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 127SLYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 128VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 129GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 130ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 131ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 132BVAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 133SARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 134GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 135HIS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 136BPRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 137ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 138TYR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 139SARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 140VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 141VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 142PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 143THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 144GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 145HIS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 146SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 147LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 148GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 149GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 150ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 151LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 152ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 153THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 154VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 155ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 156GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 157ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 158ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 159LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 160ARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 161GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 162ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 163GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 164TYR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 165ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 166ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 167ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 168VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 169PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 170SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 171TYR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 172GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 173ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 174PRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 175ARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 176VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 177GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 178ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 179SARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 180ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 181PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 182ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 183GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 184BPHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 185LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 186THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 187BVAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 188GLN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 189THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 190GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 191GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 192THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 193LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 194TYR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 195ARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 196ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 197THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 198HIS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 199THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 200ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 201ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 202BILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 203VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 204PRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 205SARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 206LEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 207PRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 208PRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 209SARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 210GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 211BPHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 212GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 213TYR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 214SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 215HIS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 216SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 217SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 218PRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 219GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 220TYR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 221BTRP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 222ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 223SLYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 224SER: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 225GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 226THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 227BLEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 228BVAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 229BPRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 230VAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 231THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 232SARG: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 233ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 234ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 235ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 236BVAL: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 237SLYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 238ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 239GLU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 240GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 241BILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 242ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 243ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 244THR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 245GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 246GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 247ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 248ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 249GLN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 250BPRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 251ASN: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 252BILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 253BPRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 254ASP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 255BILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 256BPRO: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 257ALA: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 258HIS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 259BLEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 260BTRP: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 261TYR: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 262PHE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 263GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 264BLEU: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 265ILE: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 266GLY: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 267THR: using `atomlist` value
charge mismatch on atom 268CYS: ignoring `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 268CYS: using `atomlist` value
radius mismatch on atom 269BLEU: using `atomlist` value
233815.07user 254.10system 16:33:38elapsed 392%CPU (0avgtext+0avgdata 59892maxresident)k
0inputs+0outputs (0major+268861minor)pagefaults 0swaps
